# Use Cases ## Index Herbariorum The IH search page is consistently the most-visited webpage in the NYBG Virtual Herbarium (72,998 visits in the past 12 months, or 199/day). Study of web use statistics and direct feedback from users reveals a wide user base, the main groups of which are summarized here. ### Herbarium commerce Annually, herbaria send and receive an estimated 10 million specimens as loans, gifts, exchange, and other transfers. The information contained in IH allows herbaria not only to address their shipping boxes correctly, but also to assess the reliability of herbaria to which they are considering lending specimens. Herbaria use the information included in IH about staff expertise to find individuals who can provide identification or evaluation of specimens of a particular group or region. Herbaria use IH to find partners for the exchange of specimens that augment their own holdings.  ### Biodiversity surveys or evolutionary reconstructions of a taxonomic group Researchers use IH to find previously collected specimens that are pertinent to their studies, to determine what taxa and geographic areas are well represented and which are not (and therefore require additional study) and to develop collaborations to facilitate new field studies. In order to obtain permits for field surveys in a foreign country, it is usually essential to develop a partnership with an herbarium in that country, where one set of voucher specimens must be deposited.  Scientists conducting research in foreign countries use IH to determine the best partner in the relevant country and to make contact with those individuals.  ### Scientific journals Journals use IH codes in the citation of specimens examined for a given study, including the designation of type specimens in the description of new species.  Journals such as Systematic Botany, Mycologia, Brittonia and The Bryologist will not accept for publication an article describing a new species that does not cite a standard IH acronym as the place of deposition for the type specimen of a new species.### Collaborative projects Collaborative projects often use IH as a tool for identifying the range of participants and resources for such projects.  For example, IH played a key role in identifying potential participants in the Global Plants Initiative (5) a project to digitize all type specimens in the world’s herbaria and serve these through a common web portal. The National Ecological Observation Network (6) has used IH to find taxonomic expertise and collection repositories near NEON sites to help with the biodiversity inventories of these sites.  The International Association of Plant Taxonomists uses IH data to determine the number of institutional votes each herbarium should have for the nomenclature session at the International Botanical Congress meetings every six years.### U.S. Government agencies use IH for several purposes Collecting permits for National Parks and other protected federal lands require that specimens collected on these sites be deposited in IH listed herbaria.  The U.S.  Fish & Wildlife Service uses IH as a resource for determining whether or not an institution should be granted a permit to house endangered species (a CITES permit) and uses IH code as part of the CITES permit identifier.  Recently U.S. Fish and Wildlife used the email contact list for IH to send a questionnaire to all herbaria asking them to evaluate their experiences applying for and managing CITES permits.  Additionally, IH is used by Homeland Security to find specialists for the identification of unknown specimens confiscated at U.S. customs.  Natural Resource Managers use IH to find experts to identify species on federal lands.  The National Park Service uses IH to keep track of specimens collected in National Parks for their annual inventories and collection assessments.